README.md, before:

# dotnet-set-version

[dotnet-set-version](https://github.com/jamesivie/dotnet-set-version) sets version numbers into project files and AssemblyInfo files.
The first argument is the version number to set and must be of the form nnn.nnn[.nnn[.nnn]], which may or may not be a semver version.
The second optional argument is an alternate version string to set into the AssemblyInformationalVersion attribute.  This alternate version string is generally a Git SHA, but can be any string you want.

## Usage

`dotnet-set-version <version_number> [<alt_version_string>]`

## Global Installation

`dotnet tool install --global dotnet-set-version --version <tool_version>`

## Local Installation

`dotnet new tool-manifest # if you are setting up this repo`
`dotnet tool install --local dotnet-set-version --version <tool_version>`

## Accessing Versions Using Reflection

```csharp
    private readonly DateTime _serverBuildDate = MainProgramAssembly.GetLinkTime();
    private readonly string _serverVersion = MainProgramAssembly.GetName().Version?.ToString() ?? "";
    private readonly string? _serverInformationalVersion = MainProgramAssembly.GetCustomAttribute<AssemblyInformationalVersionAttribute>()?.InformationalVersion;

    /// <summary>
    /// Gets the link time of the specified assembly from the PE header as inserted by the linker.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="assembly">The assembly to get the linker timestamp for.</param>
    /// <returns>The <see cref="DateTime"/> when the assembly was linked.</returns>
    public static DateTime GetLinkTime(this Assembly assembly)
    {
        try
        {
            const int c_PeHeaderOffset = 60;
            const int c_LinkerTimestampOffset = 8;
            // get the assembly location
            string filePath = assembly.Location;
            // allocate some space to store the header information
            byte[] b = new byte[2048];
            // open the assembly as a raw file
            using (Stream s = new FileStream(filePath, FileMode.Open, FileAccess.Read, FileShare.Read, 4096, true))
            {
                // read in the raw PE header bytes
                s.ReadExactly(b);
            }
            // convert the bits from the pe header offset into a time and convert to a standard unix time (seconds since 1970)
            int i = BinaryPrimitives.ReadInt32LittleEndian(b.AsSpan(c_PeHeaderOffset));
            int secondsSince1970 = BinaryPrimitives.ReadInt32LittleEndian(b.AsSpan(i + c_LinkerTimestampOffset));
            // convert to utc datetime and return
            DateTime dt = new DateTime(1970, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, DateTimeKind.Utc).AddSeconds(secondsSince1970);
            return dt;
        }
        catch
        {
            // this assembly may have been created dynamically
            return DateTime.MaxValue;
        }
    }
```

## GitHub Action Sample Usage

```text
      - name: Install dotnet-set-version
        run: dotnet tool install --global dotnet-set-version
      - name: Run dotnet-set-version
        run: dotnet-set-version 0.1.${{ github.run_number }} ${{ github.sha }} -NoPackageOutputPath
```

Commit message:

fix possible overwrite of AssemblyInformationalVersion with the wrong version number, add more info to README

README.md, after:

# dotnet-set-version

[dotnet-set-version](https://github.com/jamesivie/dotnet-set-version) sets version numbers into project files and AssemblyInfo files.
The first argument is the version number to set and must be of the form nnn.nnn[.nnn[.nnn]], which may or may not be a semver version.  This gets set into any <AssemblyVersion>, <FileVersion>, <PackageVersion>, or <Version> tags found any project files that have such an entry, as well as into the AssemblyVersion and AssemblyFileVersion attributes in any AssemblyInfo.cs files found in the project directory or any subdirectories.
The second optional argument is an alternate version string to set into the AssemblyInformationalVersion attribute.  This alternate version string is generally a Git SHA, but can be any string you want.  This gets set into any <InformationalVersion> tags in any project files that have such an entry, as well as into the AssemblyInformationalVersion attributes found in AssemblyInfo.cs files in the project directory or any subdirectories.
If such entries do not exist in the project files or AssemblyInfo.cs files, they will *not* be created.

## Usage

`dotnet-set-version <version_number> [<alt_version_string>]`

## Global Installation

`dotnet tool install --global dotnet-set-version --version <tool_version>`

## Local Installation

`dotnet new tool-manifest # if you are setting up this repo`
`dotnet tool install --local dotnet-set-version --version <tool_version>`

## Accessing Versions Using Reflection

```csharp
    private readonly DateTime _serverBuildDate = MainProgramAssembly.GetLinkTime();
    private readonly string _serverVersion = MainProgramAssembly.GetName().Version?.ToString() ?? "";
    private readonly string? _serverInformationalVersion = MainProgramAssembly.GetCustomAttribute<AssemblyInformationalVersionAttribute>()?.InformationalVersion;

    /// <summary>
    /// Gets the link time of the specified assembly from the PE header as inserted by the linker.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="assembly">The assembly to get the linker timestamp for.</param>
    /// <returns>The <see cref="DateTime"/> when the assembly was linked.</returns>
    public static DateTime GetLinkTime(this Assembly assembly)
    {
        try
        {
            const int c_PeHeaderOffset = 60;
            const int c_LinkerTimestampOffset = 8;
            // get the assembly location
            string filePath = assembly.Location;
            // allocate some space to store the header information
            byte[] b = new byte[2048];
            // open the assembly as a raw file
            using (Stream s = new FileStream(filePath, FileMode.Open, FileAccess.Read, FileShare.Read, 4096, true))
            {
                // read in the raw PE header bytes
                s.ReadExactly(b);
            }
            // convert the bits from the pe header offset into a time and convert to a standard unix time (seconds since 1970)
            int i = BinaryPrimitives.ReadInt32LittleEndian(b.AsSpan(c_PeHeaderOffset));
            int secondsSince1970 = BinaryPrimitives.ReadInt32LittleEndian(b.AsSpan(i + c_LinkerTimestampOffset));
            // convert to utc datetime and return
            DateTime dt = new DateTime(1970, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, DateTimeKind.Utc).AddSeconds(secondsSince1970);
            return dt;
        }
        catch
        {
            // this assembly may have been created dynamically
            return DateTime.MaxValue;
        }
    }
```

## GitHub Action Sample Usage

```text
      - name: Install dotnet-set-version
        run: dotnet tool install --global dotnet-set-version
      - name: Run dotnet-set-version
        run: dotnet-set-version 0.1.${{ github.run_number }} ${{ github.sha }} -NoPackageOutputPath
```
